it's been a tremendous journey and
really exciting to see the tremendous
growth both in terms of the volume of
archives the customers are storing on
glacier as well as the breadth of use
cases their customers are using Amazon
glacier for and ranging from and media
entertainment financial services
government institutions healthcare and
life sciences and many more and i want
to start today by talking about and
highlighting some of those use cases and
a couple customers who have built in
pretty cool applications using amazon
glacier so to start with for the
musicians in the house soundcloud is a
great example of storing
mission-critical data on glacier some
cloud is a leading social platform that
enables musicians to create their music
upload it into soundcloud who then
transcodes that into a low proxy
resolution format that makes it easy for
them to share with their fans or other
musicians for collaboration to sharon on
to other social platforms and soundcloud
then stores the original copy you know
the raw copy of the of the musicians
into glacier and they really leverage
the durability model of glacier to
safely store that data for their end
users which is really invaluable to
their end users so and today soundcloud
is storing petabytes of data on glacier
a large number of enterprises and
government institutions like are using
amazon glacier to compliantly store data
sensitive data that are bound by various
regulations and a good example of that
is Philips Healthcare who runs their
HealthSuite digital platform on
AWS and they leverage Amazon glacier
which is one of nine HIPAA eligible
services on AWS Philips Healthcare loves
that Amazon glacier is highly scalable
because they operate in over 1,500
hospitals that generate patient data and
medical images on a daily basis and they
require that comply
it a compliance service and they also
need that service to be highly cost
effective because they are required to
store their patient data for the
lifetime of that patient so we're
talking about decades where and cost
really matters to them a local example
from Seattle King County uses Amazon
glacier to replace their old legacy tape
systems which they used for backups for
17 locations around the Seattle area and
King County and they found that they
were able to save over a million dollars
in just the first year as well as avoid
that high touch maintenance of old
legacy tape hardware systems and as a
government institution they also needed
to meet various regulatory requirements
which they were able to either meet or
exceed using Amazon glacier and lastly
I'm very excited to have our special
guest speaker Andy Sinclair from sony
dadc speak today in detail during the
later half of this presentation on how
they're using amazon glacier to power
their new digital media supply chain
solution venue so stepping back for a
moment to look at storage on AWS as a
whole customers have taught us over the
years to look at cloud storage based on
four key elements and that's file object
block storage products supported by a
number of you know batching and
streaming features that help you make
the most out of those storage products
and we the customers i've talked to have
told me that they consider AWS really is
the gold standard for cloud storage and
we and they love leveraging the breadth
and the depth of those products and the
features that we offer and we
continuously are receiving feedback and
requirements and continue to iterate
very quickly to meet those customer
requirements customers for a long time
ask for file systems for
example that worked at a petabyte scale
with really consistent latency and so we
launched elastic file system that is
both highly scalable and very performant
amazon s3 and glacier or object storage
that is very highly durable and very
cost effective and great for everything
from cloud native applications to large
big data workloads and and then finally
elastic block storage is the lowest
latency offering in the profile in our
portfolio and offers everything from
provisioned IOPS to low-cost throughput
optimized storages offerings as well and
then finally we have a whole slew (许多) of
batching and streaming products and
servers that help make the most out of
these storage products regardless of the
industry or the type of storage we've
seen really a trend of just exploding
data explode an explosion of data across
all industries that have been driven by
things like the proliferation (增生; 增殖) of data
producing devices like cell phones and
IOT devices larger
data formats like 4k 8k advancements in
new life health and life sciences such
as genomics data single genomics
sequence can take up to a terabyte of
data these days and that increases as
that technology gets better and in
general there's kind of a virtuous cycle
in storage where as the prices of cloud
storage have dropped customers or you
are storing more data for longer
extracting more value out of that data
which then increases the demand and
therefore the scale that AWS can operate
at which in turn reduces our costs and
we pass those savings on to you in the
form of lower prices case in point last
week we announced a storage price drop
for both s3 and glacier by as much as 43%
which we're very excited to pass on to
customers so really regardless of the
use case for the industry companies face
large and fast-growing george
requirements and many face the challenge
of finding a solution that's both
scalable
cost-effective and offers the
performance that they require to two
best monetize (定为货币) their data so in this
session I'm going to discuss how Amazon
glacier is really designed to address
those concerns in particular for
archival workloads so whether this is
your first time hearing about glacier
because you're considering moving a
archival work load onto glacier or you
are already using glacier and are
looking to find out more about new
features that can help you better
optimize your archive of workload I
think you're going to get a lot out of
this presentation but if there's one
thing that I want you to get out of this
presentation other than excitement that
it's finally time for the pub crawl it's
that Amazon glacier is more than just a
solution for deep archival to lower your
storage costs it especially with the new
retrieval features that we launched last
week it is really a powerful storage
solution that can address the full
spectrum of archival use cases so let's
start diving into Amazon glacier first
of all it's extremely low cost we start
at $0.004 per gigabyte per
month we offer three ways for you to get
at your data that range in both price as
well as performance they range from
accessing your data in minutes to
accessing it in hours in a more
cost-effective way we offer an eleven
nines of durability what does that mean
in mathematical terms it means that if
for every ten thousand objects that you
store you can expect to lose one every
ten million years so even that's hard to
wrap your head around if you're using
tape what is that what would be a good
comparison we asked a major Hollywood studio
to run the same markov model that we
used to derive the eleven nines but for
two copies of their data on tape and
what they came back with was five to six
nine
durability and so to have six additional
nines of durability using glacier what
that means is that glacier is five
orders of magnitude more durable than
two copies of your data on tape which is
the common durability model used for
tape all data on glaciers encrypted at
rest regardless of how you pass it to us
you might encrypt it beforehand but we
will then encrypt it again all data that
comes onto glacier is encrypted at rest
and then finally we have a set of
features around both compliance access
control cost management etc that I'm
going to dive into from a value
proposition standpoint amazon glacier
removes the need for upfront capital
expenditures that in particular in the
archive world is particularly meaningful
considering the long investment periods
that are involved with archival
solutions hardware solutions which
increases the risk of you know involved
with having to live with that decision
for many years 7 10 years what have you
with Amazon glacier there's no upfront
commitment you pay only for what you use
all that good cloud stuff we also remove
the need for time-consuming capacity
planning and ongoing negotiations with
multiple hardware and software vendors
the risk of managing physical media as
well as empowering you to control your
geographic locality your performance and
your compliance requirements as well so
to begin to having a little deeper I
want to cover some of the basic terms
for glacier as well as the concepts that
I'll be covering in this presentation so
first of all with your AWS account you
first use glacier by creating a vault
which is our term for the container that
you store data in in which you store
archives and Archives are the basic unit
of data archives are write-once they can
be up to 40 terabytes and you can store
an unlimited amount of archives in a
given vault and then we also have this
notion of an inventory which is a cold
decks of your archives and this is
refreshed every 24 hours so the fourth
thing for areas that I want to cover
today are around how to access glacier
how to upload your data how to manage
that data and manage your Amazon glacier
account and then also how to access your
data and make the most out of your data
and i'll be going over best practices
have to optimize those things in detail
so first accessing there's three ways to
access amazon glacier the first is
directly with by using glaciers api's or
through its sdk which gives you access
to the full set of APIs and is a great
way to build applications on glacier
like any AWS service it's really
important when you're setting up you
know a service or an account to always
be thoughtful and diligent around
setting the right access policies for
your accounts so that you're meeting
your security requirements around who
can access what or delete or retrieve
etc and oftentimes you know with
archival workloads it's it involves
mission or business and critical data so
very important to do that if you are
already using Amazon s3 or if you have
both an online and an ark in conjunction
with an archival storage layer then you
accessing glacier via s3 lifecycle is a
great way to go it's an automated way to
tier your storage into the lower cost
storage options and i'll be going into
that in detail later and then lastly
there's a large number and an
ever-growing number of third-party
vendors who are integrated with both s3
lifecycle and glacier that make it easy
for you to manage your data and they
range from consumer grade tools like
fast glacier and cloudberry to all the
way up to enterprise grade gateways and
appliances such as netapp ulta fault or
commvault one thing to keep in mind with
third-party vendors is that some of them
will reformat your data for various
purposes like indexing or to optimize
the data transfer process and
then this makes it necessary to continue
to use that third party
vendor once that data is in AWS for
leveraging it for analysis or other
types of workflows which might be fine
depending on what your use case is
but a lot of customers find it really
useful to have to keep that native
format of their data in the cloud not be
tied to a third party vendor when
they're considering different ways to
utilize that data just something to keep
in mind when you're exploring
third-party tools and a quick reminder
when you're uploading data there we have
several really powerful tools and
services that can help you transfer in
particular large amounts of data so if
you have large amounts of data to
transfer either as a one-time migration
or on an ongoing basis AWS DX
gives you a dedicated bandwidth
between your on-premises infrastructure
in AWS up to 10 gigabits per second per
uplink and then AWS snowball and the
recently launched snowball edge are
great ways to not only transfer data
cost efficiently but in so many cases if
you have lots of data to transfer it can
be actually faster than the public
Internet so when you're uploading data
into glacier directly through its APIs
we will pass you back an
archive ID and then throw away the file
name and then customers then maintain a
local index mapping their file names to
their archive IDs and one thing some
customers miss is that we enable
customers to include a description of up
to 1024 characters along with that
archive as metadata and so some
customers find it useful to create a
replica of the index information in that
in that description field in case
something were to happen to that local
index so that's one thing to keep in
mind another tip is that glacier is
really designed for objects for archives
sorry where your data set the average
archive size is in the megabytes
at the very least and the reason for
that is because there's a 32 kilobyte
overhead charge for every object archive
that you store in glacier and so if your
average archive size is 3.2 megabytes
or higher than your total overhead
charge will be less than 1 percent of
your total costs which most customers
find reasonable if your average archive
size is less than that then you might
consider aggregating your data before
you upload it and when you're
aggregating one tip that customers have
used is to include a checksum along with
those files that are being aggregated
into a larger archive so that when you
retrieve that data you can ensure that
you're getting the bytes that you want
in this becomes in particularly
important when you leverage range
retrievals which is a feature that i'll
go into at the end of this presentation
which allows you to pull just a byte
range a range of bytes within the
archive rather than pull them back the
entire archive so that you can minimize
your retrieval costs in that way and
then the checksum has become important
for validating that you're getting the
bytes that you really want and lastly in
terms of uploads a lot of customers use
multi-part uploads to optimize that
transfer into glacier you know a lot of
customers find that HTTP is great
because it's a widely adopted standard
in all but it's not great oftentimes for
very large our archives for transferring
very large archives so to both help
ensure that that transfer is successful
as well as help you increase the
utilization of your bandwidth you can
use multi-part uploads to spread out
that upload process into many smaller
chunks the process is very simple as a
three-step process you first initiate a
multi-part upload we then pass you back
an upload ID which you then pass back
to us with every part that you send to
us and then once it's complete you send
a CompleteMultipartUpload call
at which point will then
send you the archive ID representing the
sum of those parts that you uploaded so
as I mentioned earlier accessing glacier
through life cycle policies is there is
a great way to use glacier especially if
you have other tiers of storage in s
through standard or SD standard and
frequent access and want to tear your
storage over the life of those objects
into Glacier lifecycle policies are
applied to the based on the age of the
data and can be transitioned into
downward into infrequent access or into
glacier and then eventually to be
deleted in the example here glacier
objects' that have the prefix logs and
there are 30 days older transition to
glacier and then delete it after after
365 days livecycle policy is applied to
at the bucket level but you can go a
little bit more granular by specifying
the prefix that you want to apply and so
what that means is that all objects that
meet that criteria will be will will
have the the lifecycle policy executed
on it now a lot of customers store all
their objects or a large portion of
their objects in particular for
particular applications in one bucket
for application design reasons and so
some customers have said that it's been
challenging for them to transition only
the objects that they want transitioned
into glacier and they don't want all of
them from the bucket to do that and
they've had a hard time defining
policies that are able to do that so I'm
very excited about s3's announcement
yesterday around object level tagging
because it's integrated with lifecycle
policies and now finally enables you to
create very specific on lifecycle
policies that apply only to the objects
that you want transition to glacier so
the way this works is an object you can
well just looking at the example here
this policy which applies to all objects
in the bucket will only apply to objects
that are tagged with project equals
Delta and data
type equals hpi so you can imagine this
allows for a lot of customization one
other thing that customers have asked
for for a long time is the ability to
Emmanuel II transition objects from s3
into glacier explicitly rather than
through a life cycle policy and this is
now possible using object level tags and
lifecycle policies in the way you do
that is create a zero-day policy meaning
that any objects that meaning that any
objects that match the criteria are
transitioned immediately and then having
a tag that you can then a tag reference
in that policy that you can then tag an
object with which will then trigger it
to be transitioned into glacier and so
for example you can create a policy that
says a zero-day policy that's you know
refers to any objects with the tag
freeze it and you know then with the new
object level tagging you can simply make
a call on an object to add the tag
freeze it at which point it will be
immediately frozen into glacier that
joke did not go very well but that's
okay I'll work on it okay lots of other
feet management features to help you
manage your glacier account tagging is
at the vault level for glacier and it
enables you to do things like look at
your costs across different departments
or however you're managing your vaults
via tags as well as to create access
policies based on those tags which makes
it really easy to customize those access
policies we also are integrated with
cloud trail a lot of customers have used
archive storage for mission or business
critical data and so it's really
important for them to know who touched
what when was it approved or denied and
for what reason so enabling cloud trail
enables you to have access to those logs
and is very simple just going to the
console and turn it on we also offer two
really powerful access features the
first is vault access policy
so rather than having to go through each
of your users or your groups to define
what they have access to you can create
access policies at the vault level that
apply to all users so for example if you
want a vault where nobody has access to
deleting that they are in that vault you
can do so using volt access policies but
more importantly vault access policies
enables cross account access to the data
in your vault this is particularly
important for customers who work with
other departments or other third-party
entities that have separate accounts but
are part of whatever workflow they're
working on and this makes it very easy
to to give that access to two other
accounts a very powerful governance tool
is vault lock vault lock enables you to
create an immutable access policy on a
vault we're not even the root user is
able to change that policy and this is
required for certain regular regulation
regulations in particular in the
financial services industry so to go
over an example let's jump to the
example here so sorry so to give you an
example in this example we're combining
the use of tags on a vault as well as
vault access policies to enable legal
hold on a vault so here you create a tag
called legal hold on a vault and you
initially set it up as false and then
you would create a policy that denies
delete archive operations for all users
when that tag is set to true and then
and with this policy a you know some
lawyer for example could place a legal
hold on a vault for the data for
whatever reason the vault lock is a
two-step process you initially you first
initiate a bolt lock and this allows you
a 24-hour period to test that policy to
make sure it's exactly what you want
before making it immutable by even the
root user it that'll then expire after
24 hours or you can simply delete it in
order to change it before locking it
once you're sure that it's good to go
you then complete the vault lock and it
then becomes locked and immutable some
best practices oh by the way this is
what that policy looks like very simple
very short a few lines of code but very
powerful you can see here the effect is
deny on the operation delete archive and
the reference to the tag legal hold
there at the bottom some best practices
around vault lock it's a good idea to
map one vault to a single retention
range so one year six year what have you
makes it easy and simple to create
policies that apply to all the objects
or archives in that vault it's also a
good idea to create a new vault and lock
it before storing any data in it to
prevent any gaps in those existing
archives and then lastly again make sure
you really thoroughly test that vault
lock policy before locking it down and
then you know consider using vault
access policies for any flexible
controls that you might want to change
over time versus this immutable policy
and lastly on vault lock we have a
third-party assessment by cohasset
associates who verified that it it
passed muster if you will for SEC 17 a
dash for F and CFTC 131 B dash C which
are table stakes requirements in the
financial industries for financial
industry companies and as we continue to
get feedback and requirements you can
expect us to add more algebraic formulas
to this list also not a trip that went
over very well I really got to work on
that one okay it's cool you guys just
want to go to pub crawl I get it it's
fine okay so last section here is a
around retrieving your data so the some
basic concepts here when retrieving data
it's a two-step process first you
initiate retrieval request which point
we'll give you a job ID then we that
retreat that retrieval request is
processed by glacier depending on the
retrieval option that you choose it
could be minutes or hours depending on
the option that you choose once it's
complete we'll send you a notification
that that retrieval job is done at which
point that object or archive is ready to
be used or downloaded to illustrate what
this looks like for customers who are
using glacier via lifecycle policies you
can retrieve data using the console you
can simply select the archive or in this
case object that you want to restore
you'll then be prompted to specify how
long you want that data to be usable and
to clarify the retrieval process is not
a move it is a copy it is a creates a
temporary copy that is then made usable
and the original is still kept store
durably stored in amazon glacier until
you choose to delete it you'll notice in
the console that the restoration is in
progress during the three to five hours
or depending on which retrieval option
you choose and once it's ready you'll
see the time period during which it's
made available as if it were stored in
s3 standard we also offer a retrieval
policy tool to help you control your
retrieval costs you can choose between
three options one is to keep your
retrievals within the free tier which is
10 gigabytes per month which you can use
it anytime and with this your request
will be synchronously rejected if you
surpass the free tier you can also
choose a max retrieval rate that's
applied at an hourly rate in order to
control your costs that way or you can
simply put no limit on the amount of
data you retrieve can retrieve on from
glacier and coming back to the
multi-part uploads if you were to
aggregate your data and separate them by
file and include the checksums you can
we enable range retrievals so if you
know a priori the bite range that you
want to retrieve from that archive you
can pull just a chomp of that archive
without having to pull the entire
archive itself and this can help reduce
and minimize retrieval costs lastly and
most excitingly last week we launched a
new retrieval options so until last week
there was one option to retrieve data in
three to five hours from glacier and it
was an accompanied accompanied by a very
complex pricing model based on the rate
at which you retrieve data and we have
completely replaced that pricing model
with a simple flat / GV price of one
cent per gigabyte retrieve one gigabyte
pay one set it's simple it's predictable
and should make accessing your data much
easier and a much lower cost but
customers also told us that they wanted
to occasionally get at their data
quicker and and they also asked for an
option to get to retrieve large amounts
of their data for very low cost and so
we introduced expedited retrievals and
bulk retrievals expedited retrievals
enabled you to get your data in one to
five minutes it's really designed for
just that rare occasional urgent
requirement for a small subset of your
data or a few archives you pay a little
more it's 3 cents per gigabyte and it's
1 cent per archive compared to standard
retrievals which is five cents per 1,000
or archives so it's really designed for
when you in that rare occasion when you
need your data really quickly and then
as I said customers also asked for a way
to retrieve large portions of their data
and
so we introduced bulk retrievals which
is a highly cost efficient way to
retrieve even petabytes of your data
within 12 hours and that the cost is a
low quarter of a cent per gigabyte and
2.5 cents per 1,000 archives and this is
going to be I think a really powerful
tool for that will enable all sorts of
use cases more active use cases such as
mass content distribution big data
analytics etc and so with these three
retrievable options you can choose which
option you want simply by designating
the parameter a new parameter that's
included in the retrieval API and if you
don't specify it will the default on the
default option will be standard so if
you have existing applications today and
you're not specifying those will still
work and will continue to just be
retrieved at the standard retrieval rate
so with this full set of three
retrievable options glacier is really
now more than ever able to address the
full spectrum of archival workloads
ranging from deep archives that take
advantage of glaciers extremely low
storage costs all the way to active
workloads like a you know media
transcoding content distribution big
data analytics what have you that not
only store petabytes of data but also
retrieve petabytes of data all at an
extremely low cost and so without
further ado I'd it's my pleasure to
introduce and each angler from sony dadc
to tell us all about how they chose to
go all-in on AWS and leverage amazon
glacier to power their their application
venue well everybody welcome Andy thank
you
good afternoon I have a short 75 deck
slide back here for you now it's going
to be pretty quick mas was right we we
made a choice several months ago to go
all-in with AWS and when I say all in we
had on premise facilities in our marina
del rey office London and a large data
center in Phoenix Arizona and we are
exiting all of them and we will be
exiting all of them by the end of our
fiscal year which is March of next year
and everything that we do will be
running on AWS and give you a bit of a
view of what we do we run global supply
chains for Sony Pictures BBC Worldwide
Village Roadshow back in solutions for
PlayStation OTP services for companies
like Funimation and a wide range of
others and it's everything from content
distribution out to about 1,500
different endpoints globally as well as
running full linear play out services as
well as OTT and commerce solutions and
to get a sense of you probably all know
a little bit about how the world has
changed in the media life cycle but to
get a good sense of it you know if we if
we just look at how you know media
releases have changed over the last
several years even the last several days
it feels like we use their very long
windows of time we used to have periods
of time where something would come out
theatrically or get released you know as
a show on TV and then you might have it
be on airlines and then it goes to cable
and then it gave us the home
entertainment and there was a very long
period of time and that that time frame
is completely consolidated now and it's
somewhat unpredictable right and we've
seen it just with I know nobody wants to
talk about the election but we've seen
it how you know social media has
absolutely created this this vacuum for
all of this information that needs to be
readily available and people Nabal need
to be able to pull stuff on demand and
so the problem that we started to
struggle with is how do you fulfill that
right and if you're using data center
where you have
you know a fixed set of capacity or a
long period of time where you can
actually procure more equipment how can
you possibly expect to keep up with the
times and so you know one of the one of
the things that I constantly say
especially as we look at amazon.com not
even the AWS side is if I can go online
and order a product and it's at my house
within an hour physically in Los Angeles
with all the traffic how is it possible
that digitally I can't do the same thing
that is that is a metric that should
absolutely be the standard for everybody
to do something and what's incredible is
when you work in the industry for as
long as I have people talk about things
on the measure of days you know it
really becomes the the exception to the
rule when somebody says well I need to
get something out and it's got to happen
tonight and it you know it takes a team
of people generally you know working
together to make that happen that should
not be an exception process that should
be the absolute standard right and we
lived with these problems of we've
created what I call emotional
prioritization that computers don't
understand right somebody will call up
and say I need this right now and then
they start moving stuff and we created
priorities and then we have high and
urgent and super urgent and all sorts of
ridiculous concepts that we that we
apply because we're humans and we tend
to group things but meanwhile if you can
just scale you don't have that problem
at all you can just scale to fit your
needs and so glacier was actually a
really big piece for us when we were
looking at this because in order to make
it cost-effective in you know an offline
world or a non cloud-based world we were
all taped driven right we were using
large lgo libraries I think we actually
had one of the one of the largest in the
country something on the magnitude of
nine to ten thousand tapes in a robot at
all times because we couldn't afford to
have any delay where somebody had to go
look it up and go put a tape into a
library so we kept everything in the
robot all the time well robots break
they're cool but they break and we
needed a mechanism to be able to to kind
of keep up with with what's going right
so our challenge was how do we take 20
petabytes of content we store about a
million hours of
today that's growing at about a petabyte
a quarter we've started to see a little
bit of an inflection and that's even
getting higher and how do we turn that
into our desired goal of one hour
delivery that's in a predictable and
scalable environment without having to
constantly invest in major
capitalization initiatives we wanted to
move our money and investment into
innovation and stop having to worry
about three to five-year life cycles of
hardware and investment in that model so
this is what our workflow used to look
like right it really used to look like
and many of you probably have similar
things to this both from a security
perspective and just how many touch
points we had to have in the different
storage zones that we needed the number
of hops and movement of an asset coming
into our environment and having to go
all the way through our workflow in
order to be able to facilitate that
endpoint distribution is fairly massive
so what we what we tried to kind of
diagram out here a little bit you know
and it's is that a high level you know
120 gigabyte pro res file is you know
roughly the size of a normal HD movie
right and i think is everybody's
starting to see even HD movies are now
becoming you know the smaller size asset
that we're dealing with we're dealing
with 4k and awful lot at Sony we're
starting to see some 8k test files come
in those you know those present all new
challenges for us that this workflow
just simply would not accommodate right
we get files in from various sources all
over the world usually using aspera or
cygnet or some other type of file
transport accelerator and even if even
if we have an unlimited amount of
bandwidth it's very rare that the people
who are sending to us or receiving from
us have that same level of
infrastructure and bandwidth that they
could support those kind of speeds so we
we see things about 300 megabits a
second we actually have some fairly
funny anecdotes of things like we we
sent to a facility for a broadcaster in
South Korea and over one weekend we just
stopped receiving we called and we said
what what's going on we can't send you
content it turned out that the operator
just took the computer home for the
weekend like those are real worlds in
area
that we deal with right so you know I'm
delivering to somebody's cable modem so
you start looking at you know the source
asset comes in its 300 megabits a second
takes an hour to get in there we put it
on to some DMZ storage right we
obviously have some you know pretty
specific security arrangements where
we're never going to let people get to
you know the deep archives are the
work-in-progress storage that we have we
then have to move that either through
our own internal movement process or
fiber connections that we run behind the
DMZ that goes into quarantine it then
has to be evaluated that then has to lay
back to tape because all of the the
workflows are you know whether it's
using a front porch library or something
like that and so now you're limited by
tape speed now what tends to happen is
when we talk about these workflows
people just naturally gravitate to a
single file right it's like oh yeah it's
not a big deal we can get one file
through we process somewhere between
50,000 and sixty thousand titles a month
and what's really important about that
is not the fact that the numbers are
that size it's that it's a completely
unpredictable model in terms of when
that request comes in right it's not
smooth at all it's not like somebody
tells us in the beginning of the month
hey I'm gonna do 60,000 title deliveries
and so let's just average it out it
comes in and we don't know whether sony
pictures or BBC are going to place
orders on the same day we don't know
whether it's going to be a lot of
television shows or a lot of feature
films and we don't know where they're
going and so you start to look at this
you say well how on earth am I gonna get
through an X number amount of content
right which represents you know why
petabytes and I have no predictability
and no mechanism to smooth that out and
my entire limiting factor here is a tape
library that may go down I may have an
outage of some type the tape may be bad
and I have to go retrieve a second copy
like there are a number of things that
really come into play that you have to
think about when you're dealing with
those kind of scales and then of course
you know you you go all the way through
there's work in progress and work in
progress this doesn't even contemplate
the concepts of transcoding packaging
all of the things that are create other
latency issues beyond just moving a file
through through the workflow and of
course at the beginning and end as we
talk
about finite capacity so that's when we
really started to look at how does this
cloud storage model help us and you know
as much just talked about you know we're
certainly incredibly happy about the new
expedited retrieval model especially
when you start looking at how are we
going to do twenty thousand titles and I
want to deliver everything in one hour
if my my first bottle back was a
retrieval time that's now been
eliminated now I can focus on everything
else that comes in so we we finally have
a period here where we effectively have
infinite concurrency I no longer have to
worry about that scaling problem I no
longer have to worry about whether or
not a tape library is going to go down
and using you know we use the lifecycle
management right and using those
policies I no longer even have to worry
about controlling when something is on
tape or off tape or actually going in
and touching assets that have been
sitting on a tape for a year or a year
and a half that nobody's ever ordered
again because it was used once for
something and then we have in touch
again and concern myself whether or not
that's a good asset those are all things
that we just no longer have to deal with
we can go focus on you know really
honing in our business processes and and
just not worrying about it we look at
glacier now very much like we look at
power I don't spend a lot of energy
calling the power company and really
questioning how it is that they're
getting electricity in my house I have
better things to do I just want to go
play with the new drone that I plugged
in and used with it glacier has been
really helpful for that and I must also
say the 11-9 of durability has been a
really big helper we have been storing
three copies I know that we you know you
saw some stats before about two copies
we've been storing three copies of
assets and the three copies of assets
while it creates a lot of protection for
us it takes an enormous amount of
overhead for us to have to make two
separate copies of everything ship one
off-site keep one enough right outside
the robot and then the third copy in the
library itself the amount of tape drives
that I need to keep running 24 hours a
day that aren't actually generating any
revenue for our company but just making
backups that's a huge amount of overhead
and and that's a real big concern for us
and so you know we hear that
the great anecdote of you know you store
something with 11 9s and you know you
lose an object every ten million years
and i like to say the moment somebody
gives me a 10 million year contract
that's the first time i worry about
whether or not i have to actually deal
with losing a file on on glacier one of
the things I get asked a lot when we're
talking to other companies or clients or
whomever is well that's great where you
know a lot of people are looking at the
same things they're dealing with the
same kind of problems it really becomes
an economic problem and so what we
decided to do is just share our economic
model and I think this may help some
people right and so we were at a point
in time last year where we had to make a
decision to replace our tape library
right we were using lto-5 we we had been
from a mindset perspective jumping every
second version of ltl so we were going
to do an investment in upgrade to LT 07
or actually we're even looking at some
newer technologies from IBM that would
give us 10 terabyte tapes which of
course in either of those scenarios we
were going to have to replace every
single asset that we have we would have
to migrate everything to a new tape
format we're going to have to create new
secondary tapes and so you have this
problem where we were going to have to
make a decision that if we did that we
were not going to the cloud we cannot
afford to process and deal with 20
petabytes of content that's growing at
the rate that it is and and have it be
kind of hybrid that's just not realistic
we see competitors of ours putting out
press releases you know recently that
say hey we bought a new tape library and
we put one in London and one in burbank
and I can only feel like that must have
been what the turn of the last century
was when somebody saw the car and was
like hey we just bought a new horse and
we just bought a new whip and it's going
to be the best thing ever and then three
years later they're still feeding that
horse and everybody else is driving
around in a car like that's ridiculous
and so we made a conscious decision that
we were going to have to you know do a
wholesale chain and move everything that
we have and so what you see here is that
blue line represents a reinvestment in
the tape library up front and and
migrating all the assets
and we actually we actually created a
better model for the tape library in a
worse model for AWS right as we just
seen today they've lowered the price
which was wonderful for a glacier and
for us we did not take into account any
price reduction on Amazon but we did
take into account tape reduction prices
as we look at the multi years and what
we said is even in a five-year period we
have over a five million dollar savings
just based on the infrastructure
investment alone when you take that out
seven years because you assume that
there's going to be yet another hardware
refresh required in a tape library now
you're looking at something on the
magnitude of 10 million dollars in
savings all based on the growth and the
model that we're talking about so for us
moving into amazon wholesale even if we
just looked at it from a pure glacier
perspective and nothing else made
absolute sense all of the other
byproducts and benefits that we get from
it is just icing on the cake and that's
why we started with the team from
glacier and we really focused on how do
you go about moving it nobody had a
snowmobile when we started right look
great if somebody pulled up a giant
truck with hundred petabytes of storage
that that did not exist we are moving
everything and we're almost finished
with it but we moved at all just using
multi-part transfers and so you know
that's been that's been really critical
for us and I think that as you guys look
at some of your own workflows as you're
evaluating these things you know we just
we just want to share we just want to
share what it is that we're doing and
how we came to these conclusions and it
you can you can just see from you know
the terabytes stored and and the price
point it just really works very well for
us and it puts us in a very unique
position to be able to deliver on
promises to our clients that are really
necessary for what's happening in the
market today right which just hasn't
been possible before so I was kidding
about 75 slides that's all I planned for
you so thank